Plymouth Colony was founded by a group of people (separatists) who later came to be known as the "Pilgrims". Among the passengers to join the group in Southampton were many Pilgrims including William Brewster, who had been in hiding for the better part of a year, and a group of passengers known to the Leiden congregation as "The Strangers". Among the Strangers were Myles Standish, who would be the colony's military leader, Christopher Martin, who had been designated by the Merchant Adventurers to act as Governor for the duration of the trans-Atlantic trip, and Stephen Hopkins, a veteran of a failed colonial venture that may have been the inspiration for Shakespeare's The Tempest. In late July, a boy by the name of John Billington became lost for some time in the woods around the colony. Some of the passengers who arrived on the Ann were either unprepared for frontier life or undesirable additions to the colony and returned to England the next year. They had embarked for America upon an understanding with the Adventurers that they might settle in a community of their own, or at least be free from the bonds by which the Plymouth colonists were enslaved. A letter addressed to the colonists and signed by thirteen of the merchants recited these facts and urged acceptance of the new comers on the specified terms." The new arrivals were alloted land in the area of the Eel River, known as Hobs Hole, which became Wellingsley, a mile south of Plymouth Rock. Despite the fact that Plymouth was the first colony in the region, by the time of its annexation it was much smaller than Massachusetts Bay Colony. John Adams later considered the United Colonies to be the prototype for the Articles of Confederation, which was the first attempt at a national government. It was elected by the freemen from among their own number and met regularly in Plymouth, the capital town of the colony. Still used by the town of Plymouth, the seal of the Plymouth Colony was designed in 1629. The border itself would still be contested by Massachusetts, first as a 